Feature/back urls parameters (#719)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/payments/web-payment-checkout/latest/advanced-integration.en.md

 `back_url`| **_pending._** Return URL for pending payment.
  | **_failure._** Return URL for canceled payment.

> Through the `back_url` the following parameters will return:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through the `back_url` *the following parameters will return*:
```

Parameter |	Description
------------ 	|	--------

> `collection_id` | Returns the payment ID of Mercado Pago. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`collection_id` | Payment ID of Mercado Pago. |
```

> `collection_status` | Returns the status of the payment. Ex: `approved` for an approved payment or` pending` for a pending payment. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`collection_status` | Payment status. For example: `approved` for an approved payment or` pending` for a pending payment. |
```

> `external_reference` | Returns the value of the `external_reference` field that you sent when creating the payment preference. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`external_reference` | Value of the `external_reference` field that you sent when creating the payment preference. |
```

> `payment_type` | Returns the type of payment. Ex: `credit_card` for credit cards or` ticket` for cash payment methods. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`payment_type` | Payment type. For example: `credit_card` for credit cards or` ticket` for cash payment methods. |
```

> `merchant_order_id` | Returns the ID of the payment order created in Mercado Pago. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`merchant_order_id` | Payment order ID created in Mercado Pago. |
```

> `preference_id` | Returns the ID of the preference from which you are returning. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`preference_id` | Preference ID from which you are returning. |
```

> `site_id` | Returns the country ID of the seller's Mercado Pago account. Ex: MLA for Argentina, MLB for Brazil or MLM for Mexico. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`site_id` | Returns the country ID of the seller's Mercado Pago account. For example: MLA for Argentina, MLB for Brazil or MLM for Mexico. |
```

> `processing_mode` | Returns the value `aggregator`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`processing_mode` | Value `aggregator`. |
```

> `merchant_account_id` | Returns with a value of `null`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`merchant_account_id` | Value `null`. |
```

> > Whether some of the parameters contain information will depend on whether the payer made the payment at the Mercado Pago Checkout and did not drop-off the flow before returning to your site through the `back_url` of **_failure._**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The information of the parameters will depend on the finalization of the payment at the Checkout of Mercado Pago and on the fact that the flow has not been abandoned before returning to your site through the ** back_url` of ** _ failure _ **.
```
